README.md, before:

# Samaritan-AI

A snake AI made for the Battlesnake competition held in Victoria B.C. Winner of Intermediate Division in 2019. Name of the snake is based on the  AI in the TV Show, "Person of Interest".

## Getting Started

The following instructions will help you get started.

### Prerequisites

You will need to have python3.6 installed. You will also need to install bottle.

```
$ pip3 install bottle==0.12.9
```

### Running

Running Samaritan is as simple as going to the repo and running samaritan.py
```
$ python3 samaritan.py
Bottle v0.12.9 server starting up (using WSGIRefServer())...
Listening on http://0.0.0.0:8099/
Hit Ctrl-C to quit.
```

Afterwards, you can go to your browser, navigate to the link above, and you will see Samaritan running.

### Testing

After you have a game server running, you can add the link of the snake to your game server, and voila! Samaritan should be working.

## Code for Battlesnake 2019 Intermediate Winner

The code for Samaritan has changed since its win back in 2019. But the code can still be seen in a branch named: samaritan-2019-intermediate-winner

## Creator

* [Ahmed Siddiqui](https://github.com/AhmedNSidd)- Sole Creator of Samaritan

Commit message:

Improve code formatting and refactor codebase for the_machine

README.md, after:

# The_Machine AI

A snake AI made for the Battlesnake competition held in Victoria B.C. Winner of Intermediate Division in 2019. Name of the snake is based on the AI in the TV Show, "Person of Interest".

## Getting Started

The following instructions will help you get started.

### Prerequisites

You will need to have python3.6 installed. You will also need to install the requirements.

```
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Running

Running The Machine is as simple as going to the repo and running the_machine.py
```
$ python the_machine.py
Bottle v0.12.9 server starting up (using WSGIRefServer())...
Listening on http://0.0.0.0:9226/
Hit Ctrl-C to quit.
```

Afterwards, you can go to your browser, navigate to the link above, and you will see The Machine running.

### Testing

After you have a game server running, you can add the link of the snake to your game server, and voila! The Machine should be working.

## Code for Battlesnake 2019 Intermediate Winner

The code for the winner of 2019 (Snake named Samaritan) has changed since its win back in 2019. But the code can still be seen in a branch named: samaritan-2019-intermediate-winner

## Creator

* [Ahmed Siddiqui](https://github.com/AhmedNSidd)- Sole Creator of Samaritan and The Machine
